feat(APP-7376): Update Data List Item layouts (#332)
aragon/gov-ui-kit: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> 
> -   Add 'Voted' string to Vote Indicator of `VoteDataListItem`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

-   Update `VoteDataListItem` component to add "Voted" string and possibility to customise it through the `confirmationLabel` property
```

### Fixed

> -   Update layouts for `DataListItem` (DLI) and layouts in all DLI modules usage -- Asset, Dao, Member, Proposal,
>     Transaction, Vote

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   -   Update layout of `DataListItem` core component and layouts of components using it (Asset, Dao, Member, Proposal, Transaction, Vote)
```

### Changed

> -   Remove 'plugin' prop from DAO Data List Item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Remove `plugin` property from `DaoDataListItem` module component
```
